So you hit me to see where you hit.
The trade is so good.
To negotiate, you give a happy word.
How dare you delete that broken photo, so I can delete it.
But I also have to ask you a few questions.
Good answer, I'll delete it.
Quickly ask you, go back and put it
We broke up, and in the past few years, besides working as a dog licking for Su Muc Yue, are there any other girls?
What?
I don't do anything for music like a licking dog.
I call it acting.
To play and communicate with other girls
Wow.
Others don't say
Now 400 is not right.
Do you feel disgusted by your brother?
Why don't you fire me?
It's really scum.
He's a scum.
Right? You're right.
I think so.
That year I was fired.
You understand? I can't believe you're so gullible.
Like an idiot.
Haha hate me?
It's impossible.
How can a born man admit it?
At first, your beautiful face, noble temperament and demonic body gave you yellow flower eyes haha
Laughing, I'm scolding you, being scolded very coca, right?
I like to laugh, can you do that?
Oh, I'm leaving.
It's true that the princess came to the period to give something nervous.
Okay, I'll stay away from you.
Oh.
Fall to the ground, sister, where did you come from? Sister, this is
People have fallen.
You've only come to help me.